        Boston sat waiting for the rest of the story but Tommy looked on at Boston smiling not saying a word.  
        “How did the mice find a . .”
        Mid sentence Tommy flung a small piece of food into Boston’s mouth.  It tasted disgusting.  Boston quickly spit it out and over the ship’s side.  
        “What was that!”
        “That was a moldy piece of cheese.  Hey Red, I got it in his mouth!”  
        Red’s head popped out a window on the other side of the ship, he had been sleeping.  “Good for you, get to bed.”
        “Sorry Boston, Red challenged me that I couldn’t get you to taste that old moldy piece of cheese.  He didn’t set any rules of course so I had to be creative.”
        “That was disgusting.”
        “Do you see now Boston why I am here?”
        “I hope that wasn’t the reason just there.”
        They both laughed hard.  Tommy, Boston was discovering, was fun to be around, full of energy and unusual stories.  Though in the back of Boston’s mind were the words Tommy had spoken just moments before, “I knew the missile was coming. . .”  Those words established a fense in Boston’s mind of which trust was struggling to climb.
        “No, no, I have methods to get extraordinary things done.  Once I flew out to a small island, perhaps you have heard of it, Rinbop?  No?  Ok, well you should go visit one of these days.  Anyway, there are very few people of the island.  I invited a few of my friend out to visit me.  Then one of the nights I was staying I snuck out of my room and went down to the beach.  There I dug a hole so deep I had to use the sides to climb back out.  At the bottom I put over ten thousand dollars worth of gold coins.  Now Boston, this island is very poor, the people are extremely nice, but poor and ten thousand dollars would change their lives drastically.  The next day I told everyone in sight to follow me down to the beach, we were going treasure hunting and I was feeling lucky.  So they all followed remembering that I Tommy am the luckiest man in the world, if there was any treasure to find it would be found with me.  Down we went people grabbing shovels along the way.  I found my spot where I had dung just the night before and told everyone to start digging around that area.  I could see the people were doubtful, but they started digging anyway.  I told them to come get me if they found a prize.  So there I sat in my room just waiting for the big discovery.  Now you might think this entire setup was obvious and the people would know I had put the money there previously, but you know what, I do this thing all the time and people have come to expect this sort of thing from me wherever I go so do you think anyone asked questions about it?  No, they didn’t.  It took about one hour then they all came running gold in hand.  It was a pretty site I tell you.  It felt good to give something to them, something that would be useful.”
Tommy leaned in closer to Boston, “And you know the best part?  They all thought I had randomly chosen the area, that truly I was lucky.”
During Tommy’s story Boston could feel the distrust growing.  How could someone be this way.  What motivates a person to set themselves up to be something they are not?  Boston’s thoughts were racing as he tried to pick just a few so he could respond to this unreal story. 
“So you’re a complete fake, sorry to put it that way but I had to say it.  You're an imposter and unworthy of the so called title, “Luckiest man in the world.”
“Those are bold words Boston.”
“Do you not see that what you did was wrong?  Most people see you as something you are not, something you have tricked them into thinking.  Like I said, sorry for using such strong language but this is not right.”
“Did you not hear that I gave those people ten thousand dollars?  You know Boston I don’t tell most people that story.  I thought you would think it was funny, an inside take on things.  What does it all matter anyway, what they don’t know won’t do harm, plus I know many people who are doing this sort of thing all the time and they get along just fine.  Besides no one knows a thing.
At this point Boston stood up and for some reason he thought of what Xavier would say.  Words sprang out his mouth as though they themselves were alive, and from the moment the words left Boston’s lips he knew they were true.  “Tommy, God know’s.  He would want you to be you, not some unreal person.  I’m sure the real you is just fine, in fact great.”
Tommy sat in silence for a moment letting Boston's words sink in.  “You know Boston, you almost persuaded me to change just there.”
Tommy stood up and started to walk away toward one of the ships rooms.  “I’m here Boston to use my “Luckiness” to get you in good standing with Stratus, to get you on the people’s side.  You saw the reaction I got in Grebes.  I would be careful not to change my mind to help you.”
He turned to go to his room, but Boston had to ask one last question, “Tommy how did you know the missile was coming at that specific time?”
Tommy turned his head to look over his shoulder, he didn’t say a word and continued walking to his room.
Boston stayed outside by the ship’s side pondering everything that has happened over that past few weeks.  He had met some very interesting people, though of the many new faces the one he was most happy to get to know better was that of Chelsea.  She had become a strong support for him and someone he could count on.  It was like a thought he always felt to be true now materializing to experiences he could now give as examples, though still just as true as before.  From the time he and Chelsea went walking through town and mountain Holdem he felt she would be a great support and love in his life, but now he had seen these thoughts play out.  Boston’s thought turned to his friends in Chesterville.  He felt bad so many families were incomplete, they had members missing.  Where had they all gone?  Will they return, and in what state?  He thought about his own family and hoped they were doing well.  Then he remembered the phone his Dad had given him.  He had not called to communicate for days now.  He took out the phone and called home.  The phone only rang once and he heard his Aldo’s voice, “Son, are you alright?”
“Hi Dad.  Yes I’m doing fine.  Safe for now.  How are you and Mom?  Safe as well?”
“Good to hear from you Boston.  Where are you headed now?”
“I’m surprised this phone has reception out here.  We are on our way to Stratus having left Grebes.”  Boston could hear his Dad’s worry increase, he could feel the uneasy feeling in Aldo’s heart.  Aldo’s response came just a fraction too late verifying Bostons hunch that he was worried for him.
“What’s there at Stratus for you?”
“Dad, don’t be worried, trust me we have been through some unbelievable things.  Things I wondered about being real or existing at all when I was younger.”
“Yes, Boston, but Stratus is not a place most people seek out.  When seeking out the unseen city there are few people who find it, and even fewer who return.”
“We must go.  Ludish needs to be stopped.  The leaves aren’t able to work properly and we can’t stand by when there is something to be done.  There is a creature we need to question that has been taken to Stratus, hopefully he has information to help us stop Luddish.  This is a moment people talk about.  A moment to have faith and believe there is a reason things happen.  I must discover what the leaves want me to do, and do it.”
“Boston, I love you.  Be safe, be careful.  I know everything will turn out okay.  Remember, if you get into trouble and need to run, be as fast as Barrus’ white ship.”
Boston found his head automatically nodding in confirmation knowing already Barrus’ ship was fast, then he remembered, he had never mentioned Barrus to his Dad.
“Dad, how do you know about Barrus, I never mentioned him to you?”
“Son, he is here, and there are marvelous things happening.  I wish I could tell you.  Oh, and he wants you to know he is not a traitor like you may be thinking.  I’m not sure why he wanted me to tell you that.”
Just then Talia’s ship was bumped by an unusually large wave causing the ship to sway.  The phone Boston and Chelsea had gained much strength from slipped from Boston’s hands and plummeted toward the dark waters overboard.  Boston extended his arm reacting as fast as his physiology would allow, but it was too late.  The phone was out of reach and hit the surface of the water as though it had a chain attached to Boston’s gut.  Boston felt he had dropped something much more precious than a mere phone, it was their only connection in a World losing connection.  The phone was gone to the sea.  
The night wore on yet Boston stayed outside looking forward into their path.  He could not sleep, not believing he had lost their only form of communication, plus he his mind wondered how Stratus would be.  The night wasted away and Talia’s valiant ship zipped through the waters toward Stratus the city that could not be seen.  No doubt Talia was still awake guiding the ships every move.  Tus was likely awake keeping Talia company through the night.
 Slowly the sun began to appear and a heavy fog arose.  Boston wondered how Talia knew where to go and though this could be an opportunity to ask her and Tus some questions about Stratus, questions he knew Chelsea would want to hear answers too as well.  He found Chelsea’s room and walked in.  He knew the idea that entered his mind would be cruel but thought to himself, the opportunity is too perfect to pass up.  Boston slowly and quietly walked over to where Chelsea was sleeping and leaned in close.  He lowered his arms to just above her shoulders and all at once grabbed her shoulders shaking and yelling, “Awwwwwww!”  Chelsea jumped up levitating out of bed and in complete terror through a punch out of flight or flight response.  The punch connected on Boston’s cheek.  It surprised Boston so much he fell backward and was caught by the same bed Chelsea had been sleeping on.  Almost in mid fall Boston started to laugh not expecting such a marvelous response.  The laughter was what allowed Chelsea to know who and what was happening.  
“Boston!  That was so mean!”  Chelsea jumped onto the bed and wrestling Boston down pinning him flat.
“I’m sorry.  I’m sorry,” said Boston.  “But I thought you would be interested to hear some answers about Stratus, no?”
“What now?  Yeah I guess so.”
“Yeah, I know it’s early morning, but I couldn’t sleep all night.  Oh, and by the way don’t trust ol Tommy Bocrow.  He sets himself up to be “lucky”.  It’s not what most people think.”
“Yeah I figured there was something up.”
“So anyway, lets go.”
They walked up to the door leading into where Talia was steering the ship.  The door was shut and had a carving on the outside.  The carving had the word ATOM across the top and below had a city meticulously etched into the wood.  There were groups of people outside buildings all looking like the others in their group.  There were two groups that gained Boston’s attention the most.  One group wore what looked like robes.  Above them was a cloud with other people on it wearing the same thing.  This group spread over much of the carved city and as Boston examined other parts of the city he could see individual people who wore the robe.  They were all throughout the city placed in specific locations.  The other group that interested Boston was not a group of people at all.  The group was an accumulation of brooms, papers, wheels, books, and other random objects.  The objects weren’t carved to be resting on some table or floor, rather they seemed to float in the air.  After they both looked at the carving a while Boston knocked.
“Come in.”
Upon entering the room Boston saw as he hoped, Tus and Talia wide awake.  It looked as though they had been laughing about something.  “Hope we are not interrupting,” said Chelsea.
“Nope come on in,” said Tus. 
“We thought we could give you some company, and ask some question about Stratus, if that’s okay,” said Boston.
“Sure is, come in, come in,” said Talia.  She was steering the ship and talking without looking away from the fogged path ahead.  The ship didn’t have any lights shining forward like a vehicle would.  The sun was the only source from which they had light.  Now that the sun was coming up, it revealed more and more how thick the fog was.  The very rays of light seemed to be swallowed up and strangled by the flowing wall of fog.
“How is it you know where you're going?” asked Boston.  “I know you have a compass, but even so, how is it you know this route so well?”
“We have been making extension attempts to reunite Grebes and Stratus once more into the great city Atom.  I have come to Stratus over and over again trying to work something out, but leave time and time again disappointed and we remain ununited.”
“So they are nice, they won’t cause us any harm right?”  Chelsea asked in a hopeful tone.
Tus stood up from one of the chairs, “Not quite.  You see, my beautiful Talia has to enter the city by disguise and meet with their leaders in private.  Granted the leaders of Straus are even headed most of the time, but the people in general hold a powerful grudge against any who are associated with Grebes.”
“Why are they called the city that cannot be seen?” asked Boston.
Talia pointed a finger forward, directing Boston to look through the window into the fog.  “What do you see Boston?”
“Right, well I see…”  Through the fog something was coming into vision.  The fog was lifting now, and he could see much further than before.  The ship was still moving quickly cutting thru the fog.  A large structure came to view.  The thickness of the structure was impressive almost intimidating, quite unusual to be in the middle of the sea, at least the sea upon which they were traveling, more of a canal.  The structure was not only four times as thick as many tree he had ever seen, but it expended upward so high Boston could not see the end of it.  By now the fog had almost entirely lifted revealing their surrounding.  Boston turned and walked outside being followed by Tus and Chelsea.  He looked all around the boat.  The fleeing fog allowed them to observe these wooden structures were all around them.  Yet looking into the now clear sky, Boston never could see the top of any one of the wooden poles.  
“What are those orange masses on the sides?” said Chelsea.
Boston looked up the poles about sixty yards, and too could see orange masses.  “They look like some sort of animal to me.  Weird how they are groups like that.  They are all perched there on the wood about sixty yards up and look they are evenly spaced from one another.  There must be a hundred of those things spaced like that to stretch around the entire width of those poles, and they are on every pole!”
Tus handed Boston some binoculars and said, “Go ahead, take a look.”
Boston put the binoculars to this eyes and found the orange masses of animal.  “Those look like orangutans.  Are those orangutans?”
“Not quite.  Those animals are Ulotops.  I don’t know if you have heard of them before but most people know they are quite aggressive in the wild therefore they stay away.”  Then Tus leaned in closer and lowered his voice.  “But they are usually sleeping, and they are deep sleepers.  Stratus puts food us there for the Ulotops so they will come and stay, and so they will prevent anyone from coming to Stratus.”
“Stratus?  Where is Stratus?” said Boston
“Exactly, the city that cannot be seen.  Stratus Boston, is up there.”  Tus pointed his finger toward the sky following the line of one of the large wooden poles.  “We must go up there if we want to get to Stratus.”
Boston, Chelsea, and Tus walked back in where Talia was.  She was steering the boat to the side of one of the poles.
“So what is up there?” asked Chelsea.
“It’s like any other city, they just built it on top of these synthetic trees,” said Talia.
“Synthetic?  That must have taken them years to do,” said Chelsea.
“Six months is all it took,” said Talia.
Once the boat was into position to the side of the pole, the rest of the ship’s crew surfaced from their rooms.  Red, Blue, and Tommy walked outside and took a look around.
Talia walked down to the deck of the ship joining Red, Blue, and Tommy.  “Alright Tommy, Mr. Lucky, we need your “luck” that Stratus’ leaders have this elevator unlocked.”  Talia put one leg over the ship and kicked the side of the giant synthetic tree.  Nothing happened.  She kicked again, and again nothing.  “Looks like we are climbing.”
“How long does the climb take?” asked Tommy.
“Have you never climbed before?” said Talia.  “With all your visits here?”
“Not once,” responded Tommy.  
Talia went to a box aboard the ship and pulled out what looked like sandals with a laptop attached to the bottom, there was enough for everyone to have one per foot.  “Alright everyone put these on but do not turn them on until you are next to this synthetic tree, or Strat as I call them.  Once these are on they create a bond with the Strat’s synthetic material and the side of your sandal so you can walk upright along the side the Strat.  Then as you move your foot to walk the bond breaks and allows you to move to the next step.  It feels weird at first walking as if on air, but trust me the bond created to the side of the sandal is strong and won't fail.”
Everyone put on the scandals and prepared for the climb.  Red and Blue were selected to carry most of the food and water.
“Let’s get started.  If we go quick we can make it halfway by nightfall,” said Talia.
Talia lead the way turning of the scandals and walking along side the Strat.  Red, Tommy, and Blue followed.  
“I’ll take the tail,” said Tus.
        “Hey Tus, what do we do when we are passing by those Ulotops?”
        “Boston, don’t worry.  Remember they are asleep.  Be quiet as we pass by and we should be fine.  But if one decided to wake up make sure and sing immediately.  Singing puts them into a daze and allows you to get a head start until they can no longer hear your voice.”
        The scandals worked extremely well, and they started to climb very quickly.  Sooner than expected Boston saw the Ulotops.  Up close they were a lot larger and had a wide mouth.  Boston imagined how it would be if one set it’s mind on attack and bit.  Talia stopped just before passing through one of the gaps between the animals.  She turned back and signaled to be quite.  Then she passed through.  Tommy was next.  He walked with a swagger as though fear had no place in him.  Boston knew the true Tommy usually had a trick up his sleeve.  Amongst the many items within Tommy’s clothing; he had put headphones on the outside of his pants hanging from a loop.  Boston remembered the words of Tus, “singing puts them into a daze.”  Tommy had to be playing music thinking it will protect him as he went by.  Boston’s thoughts raced, the music will put them in a daze but will it keep them asleep?  Quick steps followed his thoughts and he passed Chelsea getting closer to Tommy.  As Boston went to pass Blue, Blue stopped him with his large arm.
        “You won’t want to miss this,” said Blue, and they both paused watching as Tommy passed by the Ulotops.  Blue’s smile gave Boston some reassurance the situation was under control, while every step of Tommy cut away at the reassurance.  As Tommy and his playing music went by the creatures both animals on either side popped their eyes open.  The small many individual shelves on which each animal rested seemed to bend as the creatures stood up.  The noise of the first two animals waking alarmed their neighbors and like dominos all the animals began to arise.  Blue didn’t move a muscle.  Tommy’s cloak of no fear fell and diminished away the moment the Ulotops opened their eyes.  He reached down and fumbled with his clothes trying to find his music player trying to turn up the music as his only defense.  One Ulotop advanced toward Tommy opening it’s large mouth halfway advertising it’s sharp teeth.  The animal walked slowly, not in any hurry to obtain it’s prey looking well fed from Status’s generous supply of food in the Strat.  Its large arms reached out for Tommy who had all effort focused on finding the music.  It was no use, all the items amongst Tommy’s clothes prevented him from finding the music player.  The animal grabbed Tommy by the throat while the other Ulotops came closer to get their share.  Blue finally stepped forward walking in a completely calm demeanor and began to sing.  His voice bellowed deep and loud filling the crisp air.  Red and Tus joined in on the song.  Between the three of them the song was wonderfully loud as their denouement to Tommy’s crisis.  The Ulotops seizes all movement and stood frozen.  No muscle could be observed to move nor did they blink the daze was so strong.  Blue motioned for Boston and Chelsea to go on ahead.  Blue then grabbed Tommy by the waist with one arm much like the Ulotop, and pried open the Ulotop’s grasp on Tommy.
        “Get that music player out,” said Blue.
        Tommy quickly found the music player and handed it over to which Blue turned it to the loudest setting and rested it on one of the Ulotop’s shelves.  
        “They will probably eat this when the battery runs out,” said Blue.
        “I was in complete control there Blue, I’m not sure why you intervened,” said Tommy.
        “Always testing that luck Tommy,” said Blue.
        After a long day of endless climbing, they had set up for the night.  A new feature on the scandals allowed them an extended platform on which they could sit upon and sleep.  They had made it more than half way as estimated by Talia, and she said by the afternoon tomorrow they would be at the city.  Boston tried to see the bottom where their ship lay wait, but couldn’t see anything but white fog.  Above them looked dark yielding no details of the mysterious city.  The night came quickly yet no stars shone above their heads, Stratus’ city base was blocking all light.  Only out in the distance if Boston looked slightly above horizontal he could see some glimmering stars.  Chelsea set her small extended platform next to Boston and fell asleep.  Boston made sure he and Chelsea were well fastened in with their seat belt like harness and he fell asleep too.  The wind was very calm and clear, though as Boston fell asleep he was sure something unusual was bound to happen, he had felt the entire climb that there was something coming, coming for him.
Boston’s head shifted to the other side of his body, surprisingly he could sleep in this peculiar position, if I could just get this thing away from my face.  His own words rang in his head.  There is nothing for miles in front of me, what could be on my face?  The feeling persisted.  Boston came out of the half sleep haze but wisely kept his eyes shut.  The touch came again, it was a lite pressure poking his cheek.  Boston allowed one eyelid to open just enough to get some visual on the strange object.  The moment Boston saw what it was he sat straight up wide eyed and motionless.  The leaves had found him, after all this time without one single leaf finding him.  These leaves were small, there appeared to be ten or twenty of them grouped together an inch at the tallest point.  Boston held out his hand and the leaves settled smoothly down in his palm.  They changed shape forming a tree similar to the trees in Henderson park, the trees Boston knew had the doors.  Some of the leaves dropped to the side of the tree and formed people then the people went from under the tree into the trunk and out the door.  Once out the door they ran off Boston’s palm.  The leaves then all joined together to form the tree and together the leaves burst into fire.  It burnt Boston’s hand a bit and he pulled his arm back.  The leaves ashes fell slowly down into the dark.  Then Boston felt a hand on his shoulder and hear a voice telling him it was time to go.  He opened his eyes, he had been dreaming.  
“Boston let’s get going, looks like you slept great,” said Red.  “Hope your ready for part two of this climb.”
































        The door was similar to a submarines, circular including the handle that one would use to open the door.  It pushed up to open.  Talia was again first to peer into the world of Stratus.  
        They had reached the top of the Strat.  The bottom of the city was finally visible.  Amazing architecture, the bottom was uniformly flat resting on the Strat’s top no telling how far from the earth’s surface.  These submarine doors were the only access into the city.  The door wasn’t fantastically large, but Blue fit through without second thought.  
Boston climbed through the door and set eyes on Stratus for the first time.  Tommy could be seen just a distance off from the rest of the group.  He was spinning around and dancing.  He had a large smile on his face.  This was where he was most comfortable.  There was a light rain, very strange thought Boston, we are far above the clouds.  
“See there Boston,” said Tus.  “Tommy is here because he is well liked in Stratus.  He should be able to get us into the leaders of Stratus, that is if he holds true.”
“Yeah, hopefully.  But hasn’t Talia come here and knows the leaders?” asked Boston.
“She does.  But they aren’t so inclined to letting protectors into their little meeting rooms, let alone others.  Tommy thinks he can get us in no problem,” replied Tus.  “We could go in by force, between Red, Blue, and I, we could get in.”
Talia appeared by his side, “But we want to strengthen relationships here.”
“Right,” said Tus.  “By the looks of it, we are on the outskirts of the city.  We don’t want to be here, Stratus is not what it used to be.”
Boston looked around.  They were on the side of a road.  The road was dirt and there were no houses around.  It was difficult to tell what time is was, the sun was nowhere to be seen.  Stratus had a grey glow giving a possible time range from early morning to late evening, but Boston figured it to be about six based on how long they had been hiking.  There were trees along the side of the road make from the same synthetic material as the Strats they came up on.  Boston could not tell, but the trees looked to be occupied by curious eyes.  
“Something is coming,” said Blue.
The group gathered behind the closest tree hiding themselves from whatever was coming along the road.  Whatever it was, it was noise and large.  The noise indicated this thing was walking, but it was moving so fast.  The steps got louder.
Tus grabbed Tommy by the arm, “You’re up.  We are counting on you to get all of us into the leaders of Stratus.”
“No problem.  Watch, today I’m feeling lucky.”
The creature’s footsteps were close enough they should have seen the noises maker, but no visual could be located.  Tommy walked slowly out toward the dirt road.  Then from the sky above a giant foot slammed down on the road.  The noise was like thunder shaking the ground.  The leg was very thick and extended up into the sky revealing the giant of a creature.  It didn’t look like anything Boston had ever seen before.  Dark green skin, the shape of a giant human, but it was anything but human.  The creature was gone as fast as it appeared in just one step.  Tommy stayed by the road.
“What was that?” asked Boston.
“No idea,” said Chelsea.
Talia whispered over to Boston and Chelsea, “Like Tus mentioned, Stratus is not what it used to be.  Originally there were only the people from Atom here.  But Luddish’s fame and ideology spread along with this idea that if you have evil roots and a spirit not to follow the rules you would be welcome in Stratus.  It’s become this outlaw land.  That large creature there is named Frendo.  Don’t get confused thinking it means he is some good friend, no, the word is latin and it means crush as in destruction.  He’s crushed nine cities, nine.  There were thousands of lives lost to his enormous drive to destroy, and he did it with almost no difficulty from opposition.”
“If he is so powerful a creature, why would he be here in Stratus, why not continue in a rampage down below destroying however many cities he wants?  What’s stopping him?” replied Boston.
“It was the tenth city.  I’m sure it would have given Frendo great satisfaction to destroy ten cities, though his choice of city couldn’t have been worse for number ten.”
“Which city was that?” asked Chelsea.
Talia glanced over at Tus who stood near the road facing Frendo who by now had long gone, “The tenth city was Hindlighten.  What creature in any light, even half a candle light, would attempt to take out the home our protectors?  Tus lead the charge against Frendo.  They met him outside the city’s borders.  Tus had with him over one hundred protectors including Red and Blue.  Frendo stood no chance, he didn’t make it another step and upon total dominating defeat Frendo ran away never to be seen again by most people, unless of course you come to Stratus.  It is here that he hides out.”  
Along the road came another noise much quieter and less intimidating.  It was a small man with a wagon being pulled by two horse.  The wagon was quite large, wooden, and looked to be in good shape though the wagon had obviously been well used.  Over the top of the wagon was a large tarp which was propped up high enough a person could stand on the wagon and not have his head touch the tarp.  It covered any cargo from sight.  Tommy walked across the road to greet the man sitting on the right side of the wagon. 
“Well look who it is!” called out the old man.
“Barley good friend, how are you?  I told you I would be here right on time,” said Tommy.
“Yes, but we all know your a bag of tricks.  Who are your friends?”
“Oh, they are special guests for Prodigal and the leaders of Stratus.”
“Illusive as usual, do you know what will happen to me if I’m discovered?  Frendo will have me erased from this land.”
“Then we will be careful, yes?  Plus, you have the lucky Tommy on your side.”
“Alright Tommy, but let us hurry, Stratus is not the place it used to be.”
Tommy motioned for everyone to get into the wagon.  The top cover protected them from any curious eye.  Tommy took a seat next to Barley, and Barley started the wagon up again.  The motion of the wagon was rough on the dirt road.  Inside, Boston and everyone else found a seat on side benches running the length of the wagon on either side.  The wooden benches gave the bumps in the road extra emphasize on all poor souls sitting upon them.  Tommy and Barley could be heard talking through the covering on the wagon top.
“Onward Barley, onward to the leaders of this place,” said Tommy.  His voice had no hint of worry or care, more of a consequence free life.
“Tommy better come through for us,” said Tus.  “If trouble shows it’s face, I will have to act.”
“We have a ride, let’s see how far he can get us,” said Talia.
“Tus, you know we will be by your side, we have no fear of any creature that is here,” said Red referring to Blue and himself.
Tus continued to talk to Talia, Red, and Blue. 
Barley and Tommy’s voices slowly quieted down, then they couldn’t be heard at all.  Boston could tell they were still talking to each other with the sun casting a shadow of them both on the wagon covering.  Boston could see them leaning close together so they could talk quietly.  
“Chelsea, do you see that?  What could they be saying?  I need to know,” said Boston.
“I wonder, but we should stay inside the wagon.  It’s obvious they are hiding us, and probably for good reason.”
“Right.”  Boston’s eyes overlooked the wagon’s contents.  There were random supplies inside ranging from empty bottles, rags, blankets, and odd photos.  Blankets. . ., thought Boston.  It could work.  “Chelsea, could you keep Tus and the other’s distracted for just a few moments?  I’ll use the blankets here to stay hidden, and hand off the side of the wagon like drying rags.  I’ll be outside of Barley and Tommy’s view, but to whoever we pass I’m just an old blanket drying.  It will work right?”
“I don’t know Boston it’s risky, but it is weird they started talking quiet like that.  You can do it.”
Boston grabbed the old dirty blanket and wrapped himself in it at the end of the wagon farthest away from Tus and the rest of the group.  Chelsea turned to face the group sitting towards the back of the wagon to make sure they stayed interested in their conversation instead of what Boston was doing.  
Boston’s hand carefully pulled back on the wagon covering.  As it parted he could see the unique landscape of Stratus.  The land was unusually wavy and non uniform, so much so that it had the appearance of some strange war training grounds.  Boston noticed the ground had changed composition.  Instead of a dirt road it was a black material similar to asphalt but soft like dirt.  The wagon passed quickly by a road sign firmly placed on the side of the road reading: Do not touch the doghts inpowder, then the sign had a large arrow pointing to the road.  What is doghts inpowder? thought Boston.  He firmly grabbed one of the wooden poles erected from the side of the wagon to hold up the wagon covering, then he wheeled himself out of the wagon holding on with everything he had until his foot caught hold of some component of the wagon supporting him much easier.  Boston rearranged the blanket around his body so nothing was visible.  He could see the top of Barley and Tommy’s heads as they sat still talking in low voices close to each others ears.  The wagon was going slow enough that the wind didn’t pose much threat in drowning out their voices.  Boston focused and listened as well as he could while hanging.
“Frendo is the new leader for Stratus, Tommy.  I tell you Prodigal and his gang are out.”
“Frendo, huh.  No doubt he is a powerful man.  There may not be another man or thing that can oppose him, Stratus is his to take if he wants it.”
“Yes, and he does want it.  Most of the creatures here are willing to follow him, especially when he talks about building Stratus not crushing it down.  Frendo rarely speaks though, only when he needs to.  I think Prodigal and those fellows better make good with Frendo, else they might find themselves on the wrong side of the fense when our movement begins.”
“They would be a fool not to join him,” said Tommy.  “In fact, why not bring him a gift, since it’s him we are going to see.”  Tommy pulled out a glass jar from his plethora of attire and leaned off the side of the wagon.  The jar gently lowered near the doghts inpowder, and to Boston what seemed like a simple task of scooping up some of the black powder for a road, was being handled more than overly careful by Tommy.  He held the jar just inches from the road and waited for a small rise of the powder like a bump.  He looked forward into the slight breeze and looked out with a joyful face, he was enjoying his time here in Stratus.  The rise of the powder came and the wagon along with Tommy’s jar went through the bump easier than a lead ball through water.  Boston watched as the powder filled the jar with some of the powder dusting up off the road.  Tommy pulled his arm back up as fast as he could but along the way Boston saw the dust accumulate in an unordinary way and collect itself on Tommy’s right arm near the jar.  The dust stuck like glue and appeared to have a sense of life rather than some subjective mass.  As Tommy returned upright next to Barley he swiftly pulled his sleeves down covering both arms so as not to reveal the powdered arm.
“A jar of doghts inpowder should please Frendo, don’t you think?” said Tommy.
“Your a brave soul getting near that stuff,” replied Barley.
“Not just brave Barley my friend, lucky."
Boston pulled himself inside the wagon again.  From what he could tell, he had been undetected by the outside creatures including Tommy and Barley.  He pulled off the rags, and quickly sat down.  Chelsea was talking to the rest of the group, they hadn’t noticed, it appeared; that he had gone at all.  Chelsea came over to Boston and sat down.
“How’d it go?”
“Good.  Very interesting that Tommy.  You know that dark powder stuff on the road?  It’s called doghts inpowder and . . .”
“Do tell us all Boston what you have learned,” said Tus.  Boston looked over a bit shocked, he thought he had slipped out without detection.  “We are your protectors after all.”
“Right,” said Boston.  “Well, I noticed we are not on a dirt road anymore, what is doghts inpowder?”
The moment  Boston posed the question Tus rose up in an instant rage.  “I knew we were on them, I could feel it!”
“Tus, you can’t retaliate now, we need to stay hidden and keep as much peace as we can,” said Talia.
“Those are sacred paths, even in a place like this.  How dare they!  Riding over it like a road, as though it was nothing!” said Tus.
Talia kept nodded her head no.  Red and Blue responded by grabbing Tus’s arms standing on either side of him.  Boston doubted even Red and Blue could restrain Tus if he truly wanted to burst out of the compound in which they found themselves, though they could slow the explosive process.
When Tus seemed to be calming down Talia turned to Boston and Chelsea.  “Doghts inpowder are people.  When an exceptional man or woman dies, it is believed that the earth borrows, to be returned later; an extremely small piece of their body, then joins it with others.  These pieces go black with time.  When grouped together these pieces of body are called doghts inpowder which usually groups together in the form of what we call a road, or as I like to call it, a path.  When in full glory the path changes position over time.  One day you will find the path in plain sight in a well known location, then the next day it will be gone.  Legend tells that those paths are sacred, never to be touched by the living.  The movement is described as the return home where those small pieces of body travel back to heaven, where we all came from.  If a person touches the path all movement is stopped and it is thought the spirits or bodies of ancestors are not returned home.   And of course. . .” Talia paused then spoke in a louder voice angling her head toward Tus making sure he heard her next words, “. . . of course there are other legends that say no matter what, the spirits and bodies will be returned to heaven.  No living thing can stop their return.”
“Bottom line, touching doghts inpowder is extremely disrespectful,” said Boston.
“Yes.  These days, if you come by a moving path count yourself lucky.  Most paths are stopped like the one we are driving on.  Many people can’t resist touching the path for one reason or another,” said Talia.


“I also heard Tommy and Barley talking about seeing the real leader of Stratus.  Barley said it’s not Prodigal and his group anymore, its Frendo.  We are on our way to him.”
Tus stood back up this time determined to take control.  It reminded Boston of a hammer in a room full of mirrors.  The hammer was totally capable of braking anything else in the room, but it was told to wait, so there it sat watching the mirrors run around laughing at it and having their way with the hammer.  Now the hammer was about to be released.  Though as Tus moved toward the back of the wagon everything came to a stop.  The wagon wasn’t moving anymore.  Footsteps could be heard running away from the wagon.  They were the footsteps of Barley and Tommy running from whatever was about to happen.  There was an ominous feeling, a feeling like you're being watched by hiding eyes, but this time it wasn’t just one part of eyes it felt like hundreds were watching.  Most of their journey had been concealed, the landscape was a mystery much like the rest of Stratus.  Now they sat waiting for what Boston knew would be one of their greatest challenges yet, Frendo.
Suddenly the wagon shook, and the covering of the wagon was completely torn off.  Boston’s previous suspicions of watching eyes were validated as he could now see an arena format edifice surrounding them.  There were many creatures filling the vertical stoney seats on both sides of their wagon.  It reminded Boston of a college football stadium, packed with people, yet these creatures were worse than a brawl between the football teams.  The creatures moved and swayed back on forth.  They had a look about them waiting for something exciting to happen, something they could cheer for.  Then Boston saw the giant, Frendo.  He stood so tall his face was barely visible.  The man was a giant, and a strong one.  He had some covering about his body, of what material Boston could not tell.  The limbs and head of the giant were so large Boston wondered how this man would look if scaled down to normal size, things seemed to be way out of proportion when compared to a normal man’s arm, leg, or head length and size.  He stood still, facing the vulnerable wagon were Boston and his group sat trying to assess what to do.  Then came Frendo’s voice.
“Like robbers in the night many come to Stratus for hiding thinking they can live anyway they want, free of any problem.  I eventually find them or my empire finds them and we kindly offer membership, or death.”
The creatures in the crowd listening roared with cheers.
“Few there be who come directly to me.  One of you I know well, Tus,” said Frendo.  Then he took a knee and bowed down his face getting closer to the wagon allowing them all to see his face clear and close up.  He spoke a bit softer, “You must live off confidence from the victory of our last battle between us Tus, for not one particle of fear do I smell, yet you have come to the threshold of my house in nothing but a wagon.”  Frendo’s giant eyes, just like a human face; moved slowly looking to the left then to the right, “But Tus Tus, where are you’re legions of men today?”  He rose back up and spoke openly to all.  “This day you all will witness destruction of the greatest protector Hindlighten has to offer.  Then all will know it is I they must follow to be safe and live.”
Tus grabbed Boston by the shoulder, “Get off this wagon, now!  Leave this thing to me, and take everyone with you.”
Red and Blue pilled out of the wagon, “Do as he says, we will stay and help Tus win this fight,” said Red.
“You two need to go as well,” said Tus.  
Both Red and Blue paused to a moment then did as they were told grabbing Talia, Boston, and Chelsea, and running along the side of the doghts inpowder, the stopped path that lead them here.  Tus commenced to perform some movements apparently preparing for the war with Frendo.  The movements were ninja like, yet different than anything Boston had seen before.  Tus seemed unaware of his surrounding and focused only on the movements with his arms and legs.
Another voice rose above the rest coming from the east crowd of creatures.  “Frendo, Frendo my dear friend, you wouldn’t want to commence this slaughter without first showing our guests my gift to you now would you?” 
 Boston stopped running and looked to see who the voice was.  The crowd of creatures cleared a bit revealing one man in the middle, it was Tommy.
“Tommy.  Your timing is unmatched.  Surely you have a gift for me to enhance Tus’s destruction,” said Frendo.
“Most certainly,” said Tommy.  He then pulled out the jar with which he had collect doghts inpowder and held it up for Frendo.  “A gift from the one who is lucky to him who needs no luck.”
“Doghts inpowder?   I have endless powder here, it is worthless,” said Frendo.
“Worthless?  No, no, do take a look won’t you?”
Frendo’s large arm swung over and with two giant fingers he plucked up the jar.  The jar soared up toward his face.  Then Boston saw something he thought he would never see, Tommy looked over to Tus and winked to which Tus winked back.  Boston thought Tus despised Tommy but couldn’t help but see a demonstration of a much deeper trust of friendship than could ever be solidified within one moment with almost no exception to what that moment was.  Boston knew then that Tommy wasn’t who the person he had made him out to be, Tommy was a much different person.
Moments after Tus’s wink the small jar of black powder exploded with extraordinary force throwing Frendo’s head backward almost knocking him over.  Frendo regained his balance.  He immediately returned his vision to Tommy who shouted out, “Surprise!” and ran.
Frendo turned to face Tus, his face looked unharmed  Tus had finished the movements and was now completely honed in on Frendo walking at a quick pace right for him.  Frendo moved forward to accept the tiny challenge.  The distance between them shortened quickly as Frendo got into a sprint crying out in rage and revenge Frendo’s giant leg advanced forward to connect ultimate destruction to Tus’s body.  Tus didn’t move left nor right, but remained straight on a line for Frendo.  Suddenly as Frendo’s leg neared Tus’s body, Tus stopped mid step and his body when perfectly still. The leg hit it’s mark, but Tus didn’t move an inch.  Frendo’s foot stopped completely, accompanying it was a loud crack which was unmistakably the brake of the giant’s foot.  Tus unfroze and rocketed up through the air toward the face on Frendo.  The punch he delivered was so powerful Frendo’s body lifted from the ground several feet before returning to it horizontally.  Upon the ground Frendo tried sitting up, rolling to his side, and every swist possible but was unable to elevate himself again.  He was stuck on his back, fully conscious and to the eye of almost everyone fully capable to getting back up, yet he could not.  Boston watched as Tus stood arms folded talking aloud.   But what was it holding Frendo down?  What had such force, and where was it? thought Boston.  He looked close and saw the rare animal he had seen many days ago, it was Tus’s elephant.  The elephant must be invisible to all other eyes, at least that was Boston’s assumption since Frendo moved in frantic commotion but never attempted to get the elephant off from on top of him.  The elephant was not giant nor did it look to exert much energy holding down the largest men known to Boston.  It just stood in patience and peace.  
“Frendo is no leader nor is this his land.  But I said unto you all, let us go in peace to Prodigal and the leaders of Stratus, or I will go to them taking down anyone who stands between me,” said Tus.
The creatures in the stadium stone seating remained silent.  Their swaying motions eased and all eyes stayed on Tus.
“Thank you Tus, now, come this way,” said Tommy.  He had come from the crowds down by the wagon where Tus was standing.  “Good show old chap.”
Tus followed Tommy walking in a hurried state.  It was clear Tus was done waiting around.  Chelsea and the others had returned as well and they set off to see Prodigal and the leaders of Stratus.
        




        Their journey to see Prodigal and the leaders of Stratus proved to be easier than expected.  The fame of Tus defeating Frendo, again; had spread quickly across most of Stratus.  There was no creature that gave the group any trouble.  They walked fast and for hours.  Boston kept looking for a tall structure of a building signifying that to be the place of the leaders of Stratus, yet no such thing came into the horizon.  The walking drew on, though Tommy walked as if Prodigal would be right around the next corner.  
        The landscape was no special event.  Yet again Boston noticed uneven ground reminding him evermore of a battle prep location full of bunker like hole and divots.  Occasionally a small home would appear out of the evening mist.  The homes had a very modest look lacking special details and customization.  The yards and overall appearance seemed lacking, no one was taking care of these homes possibly no one was living in them.
        “At least I finally feel safe here,” said Chelsea to Boston.
        “I was thinking the same thing, we haven’t been bothered by an creatures for hours.”
        “I guess Frendo was the king bee that needed a reality check.  I wonder if we will find Barrus, and those guys along with the creature that was a fake on Talia’s ship.”
        “I’m sure they are with Prodigal, thought I guess they could have gone anywhere.”
        “Look Boston, Tommy is knocking on that small house’s door.  That is the home of the leaders of Stratus?”
        “I guess so.  Be ready for anything.”
        The door Tommy was knocking looked very similar to the door on Talia’s ship.  It was a map of a great city.  The details started to sink into Boston’s mind, then the door opened.  A thin man was standing at the other end.  He had old clothes on, and a longer beard but Boston could tell he wasn’t yet forty years of age.  His eye’s looked over the group of seven and locked in on Talia and Tommy.
        “Well, come in,” said the man.
        They followed him down a long hallway that declined into the ground.  Looking back Boston could see the entire home was nothing more than that hallway they had just passed through.  Along the walls hung paintings of old men, women, and families.  The lighting was low making it difficult to discern who the people were.  They continued down the hall and through another door which had an inscription reading, ‘Leaders of Stratus’.  This room was almost too good to be true.  There hung from the vaulted ceilings large chandeliers with hundreds of tiny glass objects cut with great skill to look magnificent.  The chairs alone was fancy let alone the people sitting in them.  Their clothes were very fine and unique, unlike most Boston had ever seen.  At the far end of the large room was an enormous window.  Outside the window was well lit up showing the outer ground of the house.  Apparently the backyard dipped downward because the outside of the back of the house was no longer underground such as the front end of the room.  Outside Boston could see a yard extend back maybe ten yards then it ended into a black abyss.  We must be at one of the edges of Stratus, thought Boston.  
When Talia and Tommy walked through the door the people inside all stood.  A heavy set man spoke, he wore a kingly hat and held a finely decorated cane that he never allowed to touch the ground as he walked about the room.
        “Welcome back Talia, Tommy.  I see Tus has come along.  We have already received word Frendo has been defeated, and stays pinned down.”  Several of the people standing next to him let out a laugh.  “We, the leaders of Stratus know some of you but not all, who have you brought us?”
        “It’s good to see you too Norden,” said Talia.  “Spokesman I see, like usual.  I am surprised you a leader of Stratus did not recognize Red and Blue.”  Talia pointed out Red and Blue, they took a slight bow.
        Nordin’s face took a worried wrinkle.  “Three protectors?  What is the meaning of this, why had you come anyway?  Who are the others with you?”
        “Nordin, you know a great deal why we have come.  Barrus, Huch, and Lottian have taken one of the creatures that follow Luddish.  They told us they were coming here to Stratus.  That creature may hold very important information, information we are ready to get one way or another.  Now, we have come with Tommy to keep the peace and have taken out your rival for you.  Now where are those men?”
        “Talia, you always had great confidence, but when Prodigal lets you in so easily without any questions, lets the entire group into the leaders union so easily, I must assume you come offering gifts of some sort.  You couldn’t have come just asking from us, the outlaws, right?” said Nordin.  
        Boston whispered as soft was he could to Chelsea, “The man who let us in, that’s Prodigal.”
        “What’s that young man?” said Nordin.  “You there, speak up, what’s your name?”
        Tus spoke before Boston had a chance to answer, “He is with us, what more need you know?”
        “Believe me Tus, you would win in a fight, but you will never break my will.  Who are you boy!”
        “My name is Boston.”
        The name got the attention of the leaders, especially Prodigal.  “And the girl?” said Nordin.
“Chelsea.  She is with me,” said Boston.  
“Yes of course, of course,” said Nordin.  He turned and walked away from Boston and Chelsea.  “I will strike a deal, your group stays here to talk to the creature that Barrus, Huch, and Lottian so kindly brought us, and you allow Boston and Chelsea to come with me for a walk out back.  Tus, Red, and Blue cannot disappear at any moment or the deal is off and the creature will be taken away along with the whereabouts of your friends.  Deal?”
By the look of Talia’s face Boston knew she was hesitant to go along with the deal, but he knew it was going to be the only way to get what he thought they came for.
“Nordin, you got a deal,” said Talia.  Tus nodded his head in approval.
“How wonderful.  Chelsea, and what was it, oh yes, Boston, do come with me.  Ret, show these good people to the creature,” said Nordin.
Most of Stratus’s leaders got up and went into another room while this other man, Ret, extended his arm insisting Talia, Tus, and the rest of the group to come through another door.  Tus was the last to follow Ret and as he departed he gave Boston a wink, similar to the one Tommy and him had given each other before taking down the giant.  The wink gave Boston hope that Tus wasn’t worried for him and that things would be okay, but he couldn’t help but feel unsettled about the character and plans of Nordin.  
“Right this way,” said Nordin pushing a set of four books into one of the book shelves on the wall.  The book case made a noise of things moving, and there appeared a doorway.  The secret passage was well hidden, it hadn’t looked like a doorway to the least bit until the book had been pushed inward.  The door swung out to the outside.  Nordin walked through and into the illuminated landscape provided by the glowing outside mounted lights.  Night had come, making the nothingness of the end of the lawn feel not just dark with no stars, but almost unreal like a canvas, flat and without depth.  It seemed matter did not extend past that point, but Boston knew the smog and air of Stratus could never be trusted.  Off that edge was one of the furthest drops known to man, a drop Boston wanted to stay far away from.  
Boston grabbed Chelsea by the hand and whispered to her once again, “Let’s stay away from that edge.”
“Planning on it,” said Chelsea.
Nordin was much less concerned where he walked.  He ventured out to just a few steps from the grassy edge and stood looking out into the black nothing.  Boston and Chelsea followed him but kept plenty of yards back to feel somewhat safe.
“So you’re the one everybody has been talking about lately,” said Nordin.
“I thought you didn’t know who I was,” said Boston.
“Of course I do, leaf boy.  Problem is I don’t believe all the stories.  Why would the leaves follow you when they could have chosen so many others?”
“What is it you want Nordin?”
“That is my exact question.  Did you all really come up here just to see a creature?  There are so many of them.”
“Thats why we came.  Were you looking for another reason?”
“Well, yes.  I want the leaf master to beg our return to Atom, I want the one everyone is talking about to beg me and ask of me.  I’m sure Talia did not ask you to persuade me and the rest of our kind to join you, but to be honest I don’t need much persuasion.  I’m assuming you know what Atom is.”
“Yes, we know it was the city you once were apart of.  It split into Stratus and Grebes over what Ludish was doing and the leaves.”
“Correct.  Now Stratus is so different than when we were here.  Strange creature keep flooding in, interestingly most of them want to take the place over.  It’s nothing like Atom was, a city with so much of offer collecting not creatures of the dark, but noble groups that produce good.  Its something I miss, but for us to reunite things will have to be run our way, and that is what Talia has been so stubborn about.  Think for a moment Boston what if you were the median through which Stratus reunited once again with Grebes!  Atom would stand strong once more calling back all the wonderful groups it once housed.  You would be legend and a person remembered for years to come.  Agree with me now to reunite us under my terms, and the honor is yours.”
Boston knew immediately Nordin’s terms must be wrong if Talia wasn’t agreeing to them.  He knew she wanted Atom back as much as any other, but for her to be unmoved by Nordin’s terms Boston spoke with reserve.  “What are your terms?”
“Peace my boy.  Let the leaves come flowing back to all people.  We can figure out a way to force the leaves to do what we want, then everyone can have a mission of their own.  You just may be the key we were waiting for.  There would be no sadness, forced happiness if possible.  We wouldn’t allow failure, it wouldn’t be a choice.”
“That sounds too familiar to Ludish’s plan.  Nordin, we won’t help you.  That is not the way things are supposed to be.  It is you who must change, it is you who must not be stubborn of this thing.  What does a person learn and where is there progression if  they are forced to succeed?”
“Progression?  What do I care if a person is progressing?  All I care about is getting a person from point B to point A, it’s not about what they learn along the way.”
“It’s all about what they learn along the way!” said Chelsea.  “Nordin you must see that.”
Nordin was surprised Chelsea answered so in tune with Boston.  “So that’s how you two feel is it?” 
It was at that point Boston realized where now stood.  He was sure during this entire conversation neither he nor Chelsea had taken a step toward Nordin, yet now he was inches from them.  Nordin hadn’t taken a step toward them either.  How was that possible, thought Boston.  Then Boston saw Nordin’s backdrop hadn’t changed.  There still was darkness, and nothingness.  He was at the lawns edge.  Something had happened, the lawn move, shortened, something!  Boston and Chelsea now found themselves not only inches from Nordin, and right at the edge of Stratus.
Nordin got a smile on his face making Boston feel more uncomfortable.  Neither Chelsea nor Boston dared move at this point fearing Nordin would lash out at them.  Movement was not on the mind, rather to remain motionless hoping not to be seen by a predator.  Striking quick like a cobra, Nordin reached out and grabbed Chelsea by the arm.  Chelsea screamed out as Nordin shoved and held her over the edge of Stratus.  Off the edge was so far down the bottom could not be seen, there was only a dark hungry emptiness.  
Boston cried out, “Nordin, stop!”
“If you truly are the one, the only one the leaves will follow then you can call out to them to catch your love Chelsea.  You can control them, show us all Boston, show us you are the one in control of the leaves.”
Chelsea hung over the edge, her toes barely touching the ground to hold herself upright.  Nordin had such a strong grip on her arm it was useless for Chelsea to try and fight, if anything it would cause them both to fall into the abyss below.  
“It doesn’t work like that Nordin, don’t drop her,” said Boston.  His voice was laced with deep emphasis.  There was nothing more important to him than being with Chelsea, he couldn’t lose her.  Chelsea’s hair blew in the breeze coming from the edge of Stratus’s world.  Things seemed to shake, the wind seemed to move more quickly, and Boston felt the adrenaline flowing from head to toe.  Behind Boston appeared all three protectors.  Tus’s face was most focused.  Boston know now if Chelsea was dropped One of them would simply catch her then appear back to safety.  Nordin knew as much about protectors as Boston did, yet he continued to hold Chelsea out over the edge.  The added comfort of the protectors allowed Boston’s nerves to relax.  He noticed the perceived increase in wind was no imagination, the wind had really picked up.  Then came a powerful noise, like great waters and the sounds of thunder.  Something was happening.  The ground started to shake slightly.
“Let the boy call on the leaves Tus, We all know you could catch her, but where is prove this is the one the leaves will follow?” said Nordin.
Tus didn’t say a word and remained focused.  The noise grew louder and the ground shook more violently.  The wind blew much harder making it difficult for Nordin to maintain his hold on Chelsea.  
“What is happening?” Nordin yelled out.
“Let her go,” yelled Tus.
The ground shook with now greater intensity.  The wind was so strong a person would be lifted from the ground if in the direct path, yet the wind only came from the edge of Stratus and was oddly directed upward toward the sky.  The shaking became so regular and powerful Nordin could hardly keep his feet and threw Chelsea onto the lawn.  Boston rushed over to her and held her for dear life.  Tus, along with the others found a nearby structure and held on as tightly as possible.  Stratus seemed to be having a thunderstorm, tornado, earthquake, and altogether chaos simultaneously.  Boston’s vision looked toward the sky above Stratus and where they had been nothing to see but smoggy black, there began to be speck of light that populated one horizon to the next.  The specks turned into bright bursts of light.  The stars looked to be falling from the sky heading for Stratus, then Boston realized what was happening, they were the ones moving.  Stratus was being lifted toward the heavens.  The notion of being lifted up for the good deeds of Stratus was far from what was happening.  A great force was showing itself, not as a sign to Nordin, but as a call to all people of Stratus.  
Nordin crawled over the the edge desiring to see how this was possible.  He forced his head over the earthy side and cried out, “Millions, there was millions of leaves!”  
The ground encompassing Nordin became very unstable, and cracks became appearing.  It was not longer than a second after the cracks appearing that Nordin disappeared from sight.  The ground supporting him gave way and sent Nordin tumbling into the dark below.  The wind was not blowing him or any of the fallen earth back up.  They fell with great acceleration.
The noise became to lower along with Stratus.  Off the edge could be seen one of the most magnificent things Boston had ever witnessed.  A wall of leaves rose from the cities edge.  Boston was such the wall ran the circumference of the city there being no breaks along the wall of leaves.  The city continues to lower and the wall of leaves grew taller.  The leaves had a special look about them.  They gave off a light, some magnetic pull of attention.  They looked happy softly floating toward the heavens.  This sight seemed much more right, these leaves were heavenly.  Their colors would catch the star light and fully illuminate.  Reds, purples, oranges, whites, and many more colors introduced themselves to the sky and the people of Stratus.  These leaves are not controlled by Ludish.  The leaves are not controlled by Ludish,  thought Boston.






































































        “I speak for the entire city of Stratus.  Boston, we will follow you.  We have been in want, and desire to reunite our city with Grebes, the way it was once before.  Now is that time.  Atom will be strong and united once again.  This is the moment, and we are ready,” said Prodigal.  He spoke with authoritative voice and a confidence strong enough to dwarf any listeners dought.  Boston along with the rest of his group and hundreds of other residents stood listening to Prodigal speak.  They were outside by the small home they had entered just the night before.  The people of Stratus had been drawn out by the unreal almost unbelievable events of the leaves lifting the city.  This particular morning felt new in Stratus.  Not only were hundreds of Stratus’s residents out gathered together in peace, but they, including Boston; were standing with new found respect for the power of the leaves.  Boston had been on the leaves side the entire time, though many of the people of Stratus would of had the leaves controlled.  But today everyone was thinking alike.  The thoughts on everyone’s mind was similar to these, The leaves are in control of what they do.  We must learn from them, not try and control them.  Additionally one of the most important feelings running around Stratus was the feeling to reunite with Grebes and establish Atom.  Most people originally from Atom now living in Stratus didn’t like how things were going.  Frendo had been put in his place, but that would only stop him and his plans of taking over for a few months.  Overthrowing would continue to be attempted, and from what Boston gathered, the people loved how Atom was and the groups it attracted.  Carvings on doors of Atom and various groups that would live there allowed Boston some knowledge of these groups.  The city sounded amazing, and the best part were the people within its walls.  Prodigal was saying it best, and standing on a small stump he spoke loud influencing words.
        “Have we not seen the leaves act?  They are not being controlled by Ludish, and how long has he been gone now?  They do not minister to us because we do not receive them.  We would have them come to us by force, and now we all know this is wrong.  Let us turn from these things and way of thinking.  Are we happy here?  Yet I would say all of us remember how happy we were at Atom.  Let us go and establish the city with Grebes, the city we all loved, and love.  The wonderful groups will return with us.  I hope you all are with me including those who cannot be here or cannot hear my voice.  But I tell you this, I am going.  If you are with me, Boston, and Atom, then prepare yourselves, we leave as once,” spoke Prodigal.   
        The people were greatly moved.  When Prodigal ended his speech, the people roared with applauses.  They had been waiting for this speech, and now they stood ready to reunite.  The group started to disperse to their homes and pack whatever items they thought necessary.  Some members of the group had already packed, they came to Prodigal ready to leave immediately.  
Prodigal turned to Boston, “Thank you for coming.  Please come with me down our elevators and back to where Atom once stood.  There these people can rest and wait for those at Grebes.”  He then turned to Talia, “Do you think Grebes will be ready to reunite?”
“If you are, I’m sure they are.  We will need to be persuasive, they have their suspicions and reservations.  You will need to assure them your complete separation from Ludish and his ways,” said Talia.
“Of course, whatever it takes.  We don’t want to live like this anymore and can see our faults,” said Prodigal.
“We believe you, though just to be safe we will keep a good watch, and not just Red, Blue, and I, but many protectors,” said Tus.
“You have the right and our blessing to do so Tus.  I just hope Grebes is willing to take us back,” said Prodigal.
Talia gave Prodigal a smile, “They will.”
Prodigal lead the way to the elevators of Stratus.  The large wooden posts that support the unseen city extended past Stratus’s ground level up twenty yards.  On the north end of the wooden posts were openings.  Prodigal stepped inside the opening and into a metal box.  
“Boston, come inside.  This will take us all down to the waters,” said Prodigal.
Boston walked onto the elevator with Chelsea and the group.  The same thing was happening to hundreds of other wooden support posts around Stratus.  People were filing in following their leader Prodigal.  The movement was so sudden and collective it was overwhelming.  The people of Stratus had been so tired of the conditions of Stratus that when the leaves demonstrated such a miraculous event the people decided enough was enough was enough and wanted to leave to rebuild Atom.  
Going down the elevator Boston couldn’t help but think about the underground cities Tus had been describing to him.  Boston wondered if this is what it would feel like when they found a tree with a door, with an elevator.  He deeply wanted to find those trees and fulfill the mission he leaves had for him.  Within him remained a feeling that this was not all, possibly not his mission.  It was a mystery to him, but for now that was what the end mission was, find the doored tree, go down and help those trapped people.  He was determined to do it, and knew Chelsea would support him and be there with him the entire time.  She had a desire to help the mission in all ways possible. 
The elevator lowered with great speed, symbolic in a way to the haste Stratus was showing in their desire to return to Atom.  Inside Prodigal remained silent, characteristic on his personality.  There were some of the other leaders of Stratus in the elevator with them.  One lady was quietly crying being help by another man also a leader of the city.  Prodigal leaned over to Tus and whispered.  Boston was close enough he could overhear what Prodigal was saying.
“Cambria.  The daughter of Nordin.  There is no way Nordin survived that fall.  She is the complete opposite of Nordin, she being nice, charitable, kind, and lived much more like those in Grebes than the creatures in Stratus.  She will be fine.  The man comforting her is Nordin’s brother.  He too is a good man.  Somewhere along the way Nordin lost control as we all did buying into Ludish’s plans.”
Boston looked back over to Cambria, she was still crying, just loud enough to be heard by all in the large elevator.  Chelsea walked over to her and grabbed her by the hand.  Cambria looked up with eyes full to tears.
“There’s probably nothing I can say that will fully comfort you.  But we are here for you and are proud of you for your decision to come back to Atom.  I’m Chelsea.”
“Thank you, I’m Cambria.”
Chelsea was one of the most charitable persons Boston knew.  her ability to comfort was divine.  
They continued down for what Boston estimated to be about three hours.  The elevator was not slow by any means yet three hours they came screaming downward.  
Prodigal eventually moved to the large door, they were slowing down.  They came to a stop and the door opened.  The light of day was brighter than Boston remembered, it shining directly into their eyes blinding them partially.  Then Boston spotted their ride.  Barrus, Huch, and Lottian stood on Barrus’s white boat looking over the edge at their soon to be guests.  They had smiles on their faces and were happy to see them.  Tus rushed to the front of the elevator doorway, extended his hand, and was lifted aboard Barrus’s ship.
“Next time communicate.  Good to see you fellows again,” said Tus.
“Good to see you all.  Got what you needed?” said Barrus.
“Yes, yes we did,” replied Tus.
Talia was next to be helped aboard.  “Well done you three.  Well done.”  
The smiles continued on Barrus’s ship.  Tus had walked off with Huch and Lottian talked and laughing.  Talia was going over to join them while Barrus continued to help a few more people onto his smaller boat.  Chelsea was next then Boston.  
“So good to see you two.  Looks like you have held up nicely.  Barrus, I talked to my Dad just the other day.  He said you were there.  What were you doing?” asked Boston.
Barrus leaned close to Boston’s ear.  “I’ll explain later, yeah?”  Then he extended his arm for Red and Blue to come aboard.  They both took few steps back behind Prodigal then ran forward grabbing him along the way and jumped up onto the ship.  Prodigal laughed and told them thanks.  Cambria was next, but when she got aboard Barrus announced the small ship was full.  
Cambria looked over to her uncle.  He spoke before she could, “You’ll be fine.  I’ll meet you in Atom, you're in good hands.”
“I’ll see you soon,” said Cambria.
        Barrus ran over to the ship’s controls and turned the ship from the elevator revealing one of the most beautiful sights he had ever been a witness to see.  There were more than a hundred ships more coming to pick up the people of Stratus as more elevators arrived.  The ships were waiting for them, and waiting in good anticipation.  The part that made this event beautiful, the ships were the ships of Grebes.  Boston looked over at Chelsea who was just as impressed as he was.  Then he looked over to Barrus was now standing with Huch and Lottian.  All three of them looked back at Boston with great smiles, proud smiles.  They had done something truly amazing, they were not traitors, not even closes.  They were missionaries, wisely orchestrating a large portion of the reuniting.  Barrus’s ship passed other ships where Boston could hear cries of affection.  
        “Joshua, over here!  Joshua!”
        “Ming, oh it’s so good to see you.  Welcome back, welcome back.”
        These people were more than two cities coming back together.  They were separated families.  The reunions on those many ships were endless.  Celebrations were starting.  One by one the ships would turn once full and follow Barrus’s ship.  They had a full fleet of ships, all moving upon once troubled waters traveling collectively as one of the happiest groups to sail the waters.  Not only had Stratus been ready to come back to Atom, but Grebes had been ready to receive Stratus and establish their beloved city.  Thus when the movement began it was easy to keep moving.  These people wanted Atom back, and now was the time. 
Boston walked over to Barrus.  “Barrus you must tell me what you have been up to.”
“All in good time Boston,” responded Barrus.
“How did you guys get all of Grebes on board to reunite with Stratus?  And how did you know we would be back so soon?”
“Atom was calling.  You saw how easily the people of Stratus moved once the decision was made to go back.  It was a lot of the same in Grebes.  Plus people want to see their families.  Unfortunately, not all of Grebes is here.  Everyone here is setting sail to Atom, and a part of Grebes remain on the waters.  We will have to go out and persuade them to come back.  Prodigal will be a big part of that.  So I will guide these good people to Atom, then we must go out and procure the rest of Grebes.  They are just timid, still hurt from what happened before.  I feel like we all have learned our lesson.  When Atom is rebuilt, we won’t make that mistake again.  Plus, I don’t think the leaves will let us.”  He laughed, and looked over the open waters.  “We have been waiting for this moment for a long time.  It’s beautiful.”